Myanmar, officially the Republic of the Union of Myanmar, is a country in Southeast Asia. 
Myanmar is bordered by Bangladesh and India to its northwest, China to its northeast, Laos and Thailand to its east and southeast, 
and the Andaman Sea and the Bay of Bengal to its south and southwest. With a size of 676,578 square kilometres (261,228 square miles), 
Myanmar is the largest of the Mainland Southeast Asian states by area.



Naypyidaw Union Territory also spelled Nay Pyi Taw is an administrative division in central Myanmar.It contains Naypyidaw, the capital city of Myanmar.



Yangon Region formerly Rangoon Division is an administrative region of Myanmar. 
Located in the heart of Lower Myanmar, the division is bordered by Bago Region to the north and east, the Gulf of Martaban to the south, 
and Ayeyarwady Region to the west. Yangon Region is dominated by its capital city of Yangon, the former national capital and the largest city in the country.


Mandalay Region is an administrative division of Myanmar. It is located in the center of the country, bordering Sagaing Region and Magway Region to the west, 
Shan State to the east, and Bago Region and Kayin State to the south. The regional capital is Mandalay. 
To the south of the region lies the national capital of Nay Pyi Taw.



Myanmar is an extremely ethnically diverse nation with 135 distinct ethnic groups officially recognised by the Burmese Government. 
These are grouped into eight "major national ethnic races".
1.Bamar  2.Chin  3.Kachin  4.Kayin  5.Kayah  6.Mon  7.Rakhine  8.Shan


Buddhism is practiced by 90% of the country's population, and is predominantly of the Theravada tradition.
It is the most religious Buddhist country in terms of the proportion of monks in the population and proportion of income spent on religion.


Christians in Myanmar are estimated to make up around 8.2% of the population, roughly 5.5% Protestant, 1.3% Roman Catholic, 
and the remainder members of independent churches. Many of Myanmar’s Karen, Kachin, Chin, Karenni, Lahu, and Naga are Christian.


The Muslims arrived in Burma's Ayeyarwady River delta, on the Tanintharyi coast and in Rakhine in the 9th century, 
prior to the establishment of the first Burmese empire in 1055 AD by King Anawrahta of Bagan.