This is a list of films considered "the best ever" in national and international surveys of
critics and the public.
Some surveys focus on all films, while others focus on a particular genre or country. 
Voting systems differ, and some surveys suffer from biases such as self-selection or 
skewed demographics, while others may be susceptible to forms of interference such as vote
stacking.
2020’s been a year of limitless upheaval, and yet the show must go on. 
The movies have been made, their stories yearning to seek an audience, 
whether through a traditional theatrical route or through more creative streaming means as 
studios indie and major have experimented with these past months. However they’re getting 
delivered to you, we’re now ranking the best movies of 2020 by Tomatometer, all Certified 
Fresh!
The Best 10 Movies of 2020 are:
1. First Cow
2. Bacurau
3. Never Rarely Sometimes Always
4. Da 5 Bloods
5. Bloody Nose, Empty Pockets
6. Color Out of Space
7. Shirley
8. Sorry We Missed You
9. Bad Education
10. The Assistant


1.First Cow
First Cow, Kelly Reichardt's evocative and wise tale of frontier life, 
begins with the discovery of two skeletons in the woods. 
An unnamed young woman (Arrested Development's Alia Shawkat) and 
her dog -- echoing the human-and-canine pair at the center of Reichardt's 2008 road story 
Wendy and Lucy -- come upon the bones in the modern day Pacific Northwest. 
Then we flash back to a time when the Oregon territory was far less developed, 
an era of perilous opportunity and rampant exploitation, and meet Cookie (John Magaro), 
a bashful and unassuming cook for a team of unruly fur trappers. Eventually, 
he befriends the wandering King-Lu (Orion Lee), a Chinese immigrant who claims to be fleeing some Russians.
The two stumble on an opportunity to make some money: a wealthy landowner (Toby Jones) 
brings the first cow to the region. Cookie and King-Lu decide to steal the cow's milk 
at night and use it to bake sweet honey biscuits, which they sell at the local market.


2.Bacurau 
When a movie tells a story about a community joining together to fight off outside 
invaders, there are certain shots, moments, and heroics you want to see. 
Bloodshed, vengeance, and justice all have a place in Bacurau, a feverish, 
quasi-dystopian genre mash-up centered around a fictional Brazilian city in 
the country's Northwestern region, but the film doles out its cathartic showdowns in an 
inventive, dizzying manner. After a stretch exploring the geography, political realities, 
and daily routines of the city, a scheming American villain arrives and, in an inspired bit 
of casting, he's played by B-movie staple Udo Kier, reveling in the cruelty and complexity 
of the role. He's leading a team of aspiring would-be commandos, the type of people who 
view killing as a novel thrill.

3. Never Rarely Sometimes Always
The Port Authority bus terminal provides the backdrop for a good deal of the drama and 
the waiting in Eliza Hittman's powerful portrait of a teenager traveling from Pennsylvania
to New York to have an abortion, a procedure she can't receive in her home state. 
Quiet and watchful, Autumn (Sidney Flanigan) observes the world around her from benches, 
bus seats, and doctor's office chairs, dragging an enormous suitcase through the drab 
interiors of various midtown locations. She doesn't tell her parents about her pregnancy 
or her trip. She's joined by her cousin Skylar (Talia Ryder), who wants to be a supportive 
friend and sounding board. 

